Next step is to build a forgot endpoint to be used when we forgot, forget the password and we need
to use it, uh, to, to, to call the, to call the process to and restore that password.
We will start with a key machine.
We will need a new table for this.
So I will create a new table.
Create his table.
If not exists, I will call it password recovery.
Okay.
And then you laugh.
And I.
Which shall be identity and not to.
And a token.
Also not new.
And also in reference to my user, I will connect this to the to the main database.
So I will associate with the for any key.
I'll just call it foreign key password recovery user.
Foreign Key User References user dot 90.
So I'm defining here constraint saying that this user is my foreign key to link at domain main user
table.
So this site is done.
I will also need to build my model, so I need to go to my data layer and I will as a new Java class.
It will be also a record.
I will call it password recovery.
And my best recovery will be just a token.
So for brevity, write it like this.
So public record password recovery string token.
I need to change my user implementation.
I need a second collection.
So private final sets of recovery.
You know, since.
And I would love to do the same thing I did here.
So these sorts of recoveries aren't.
At home, no pasties also in the constructor.
So it'll be a collection of bus recovery.
Conscious.
Plus recovery's precise, more readable.
So I create a map of collection and set passwords.
As I adds in the constructor, I add my arguments.
So I mean, let's also pass a collection, which means that here I will have to also add collections.
The.
Okay.
So we initialize as empty and of course we need the same helper methods that we have for tokens.
We will also create them.
So public void of passwords.
Recovery.
Search recovery.
These dot password recovery dots as.
But the recovery.
Public Boolean remove password recovery.
These dot buster recoveries actually have to return this.
Plus, recovery's not remove
recoveries, so I'll remove that object.
And finally I will.
Public Boolean remove password recovery if predicate
cashier mark
password recovery.
Uh, predicates.
Return these recoveries or remove.
Predicate.
And this should be it.
So my model is updated.
I also I have now the link between the two entities and I'm starting I'm constructing it with an empty
list and then I'm fetching the data that, uh, that I need from the.
So from the new model and I have these helper methods to allow me to handle this internal mapping.
So this is done.
I will need a new method also on the repository.
So I will add it.
Now it's very similar to the one I already did custom, so it will also return an optional off type
user.
Fines by
buzzer.
Password recovery.
Recovery still can.
Best sort of recovery still.
Okay.
And string token.
As we said last time, the name methods will not work which spring that gdb c for the moment.
But we follow the same pattern.
It makes it easier in the future if we have to.
If this is already supported, we can always implement.
So in this case I will add multi-line string.
It's here.
So select new star from.
From user, you know, join.
Best friends recovery.
PR um, you know, tiny equals PR and not user.
We're pure token equals token like this token.
Okay.
So it's fine.
It's not detected yet because we didn't run and refreshed the database.
But as soon as we do, it will work fine and correct.
This.
So we have proper inundation.
So this is done as well.
Now I have to go back to the controller to implement the forward method.